0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/README.md, before:

# This is about C programming language by looking at pointers, arrays and strings all to gether.

There is a bunch of exercises I have prepared for during this session and they have 100% no copyright restrictions in uses.

1. Write a function that takes a pointer to an int as parameter and updates the value it points to to 98.
		*this program follows betty style
		*This program uses gcc -Wall -pedantic -Werror -Wextra -std=gnu89 to be compiled. Every program I make follow these rules.

2. Write a function that swaps the values of two integers.

3. Write a function that returns the length of a string.

4. Write a function that prints a string, followed by a new line, to stdout.

5. Write a function that prints a string, in reverse, followed by a new line.

6. Write a function that reverses a string.

7. Write a function that prints every other character of a string, starting with the first character, followed by a new line.

8. Write a function that prints half of a string, followed by a new line.

9. Write a function that prints n elements of an array of integers, followed by a new line.

10. Write a function that copies the string pointed to by src, including the terminating null byte (\0), to the buffer pointed to by dest.


		You can follow me on the other social media:

			Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aphrodis-uwineza-961079281/
			Twitter: https://twitter.com/AphrodisGarrix
			Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/aphrodisgarrix/

You can ask any problem related or unrelated and make sure you follow for more info.

Commit message:

a function that convert a string to an integer.

0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/README.md, after:

# This is about C programming language by looking at pointers, arrays and strings all to gether.

There is a bunch of exercises I have prepared for during this session and they have 100% no copyright restrictions in uses.

1. Write a function that takes a pointer to an int as parameter and updates the value it points to to 98.

		* This program follows betty style
		* This program uses gcc -Wall -pedantic -Werror -Wextra -std=gnu89 to be compiled. Every program I make follow these rules.

2. Write a function that swaps the values of two integers.

3. Write a function that returns the length of a string.

4. Write a function that prints a string, followed by a new line, to stdout.

5. Write a function that prints a string, in reverse, followed by a new line.

6. Write a function that reverses a string.

7. Write a function that prints every other character of a string, starting with the first character, followed by a new line.


8. Write a function that prints half of a string, followed by a new line.

9. Write a function that prints n elements of an array of integers, followed by a new line.

10. Write a function that copies the string pointed to by src, including the terminating null byte (\0), to the buffer pointed to by dest.


11. Write a function that convert a string to an integer.

12. Create a program that generates random valid passwords for the program




		You can follow me on the other social media:

			Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aphrodis-uwineza-961079281/
			Twitter: https://twitter.com/AphrodisGarrix
			Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/aphrodisgarrix/

You can ask any problem related or unrelated and make sure you follow for more info.
